Why don't you marry me?
Forget it, I'll help you again for your dad's sake
Are you an emperor?
What do you think?
You are a king
Great, Yihuang
And you know what?
I like you so much
I've been swearing in my heart
No one in this world can get into my eyes
I only like you.
You like me?
Do you know that I am honored as a king
How can I see you
I know, but...
I just like you.
I will try my best to make myself excellent
Strive to be worthy of you
A genius like me 100,000 years
Especially if you deserve it with hard work
But I like you.
I really like you.
I don't even have a boyfriend
Don't refuse me, okay?
Never mind.
For the sake of your dad saving my life
I can't bear to see you gassed
I will fulfill you
Hello mom
Good idea.
Oh, I see.
you
What did you do?